h2. Introduction

This is the rails 3.1 application template to start development in a minute with full set of useful gems.

h2. Usage

You could use one of the following:

* Generate new rails 3.1 application with preconfigured gems
* Choose features on your own passing FEATURES=feature1[,feature2] (full list will be available soon)
* FEATURES=with_wizard let you choose features in wizard-mode

<pre>
$ rails new myapp -m https://github.com/jetthoughts/rails3_base/raw/master/rails3_base.rb -T -O
</pre>

If you want to manage your features by hand, you could use command below:

<pre>
$ FEATURES=haml,rspec,guard,mongoid,spork,devise,jbuilder,devise_invitable,kaminari,cancan,inherited_resources,has_scope,responders,show_for,unicorn,bootstrap,simple_form,capybara,capybara_webkit,carrierwave,rmagick,fabrication,cancan,responders,sunspot,sunspot_solr,sunspot_test,simplecov,shoulda,responders,pacecar,state_machine,fog,yajl_ruby,newrelic_rpm,tddium,factory_girl_rails rails new myapp -m rails3_base/rails3_base.rb -O -T
</pre>

Just leave features that you need, change app name and add/remove options.

h2. Features list(not complete):

h3. Database:

* datacleaner - in rspec recipe
* mongodb - in mongoid recipe

h3. Testing:

* guard - in guard recipe(with guard-spork)
* spork - in spork recipe
* capybara - in capybara recipe
* rspec - in rspec recipe
* fabrication - in additional_gems recipe

h3. Auth:

* devise - in devise recipe
* cancan - in additional_gems recipe

h3. Images and other attachments:

* carrierwave - in carrierwave recipe
* rmagick - in additional_gems recipe

h3. Development:

* haml - in haml recipe
* inherited_resources - in additional_gems recipe
* jsbuilder - ?? jbuilder? 
* has_scope - in additional_gems recipe
* responders - in additional_gems recipe
* simple_form - in additional_gems recipe
* show_for - in additional_gems recipe

h3. Pagination:

* kaminari - in additional_gems recipe

h3. Styles:

* bootstrap - in twitter_bootstrap recipe
